Working.txt
Checkpoint 0
I have 3 android devices connected to the same network. I would like to create a mesh network over the application layer such that each device is connected to every other android device and they can all communicate with each other. The devices should be able to connect to each other and send messages. Make it concrete and well-structured such that a single run of the mesh network ensures all nC2 combinations of devices can talk to each other.


Checkpoint 1
The devices must be able to broadcast messages to each other upon connection and this must be correctly received by the other devices on the network. The sending of broadcast may not be simultaneous, but must be run until all connected devices confirm connection with every other device, ie all devices receive a hello from all other devices. The devices on the first connection (ie either initial setup of mesh network or while starting mesh script on each device) must ask for parameter has_npu, which will be manually set by the user. 

Checkpoint 2
We need to build an orchestrator script (ideally, a bash script) that would run on each device, triggered from the laptop as [./trigger_orchestrator.sh <device name>]  which would trigger the orchestrator on a particular device. Upon starting the orchestrator, it must broadcast a message to all other devices asking for a ‘bid’. Each connected device must then send a ‘bid’ to the orchestrating device, containing {has_NPU, CPU_Load, RAM_Load, npu_free}. The orchestrator evaluates the bids as follows -
If has_NPU is true and npu_free is true, the orchestrator chooses the device with NPU and prints NPU chosen. 
If has_NPU is not true or npu_free is false, it chooses the device with the lowest CPU load and prints the lowest CPU load chosen. 


Checkpoint 3
Now, we check if the NPU is free and run an SLM on the device. This will work as follows: if a device has NPU, the first time a connection is established, a parameter NPU_free is set to true. Once a device has been chosen, if it has_NPU and NPU_free is true, an NPU_prompt is sent to the device; The NPU_free flag is set to false; the NPU_prompt is executed, and the results are sent back to the orchestrator. The orchestrator then prints these results on the screen.

Checkpoint 4
If no NPU is free (which may also be the case if no device has NPU), then a device with CPU would’ve been chosen. It sends the CPU_prompt to the device with the lowest CPU load, this is run on the CPU, and the results are sent back to the orchestrator. The orchestrator then prints these results on the screen.
